ettercap description:
	
	Ettercap is a 'multipurpose sniffer/content filter' for man in the middle attacks.
	It was originally created as a sniffer for switched LANs, but evolved into
	a tool meant for man-in-the middle-attacks. 
	
	
blurb for each method of scanner:

	'heuristic_detection' checks for suspicious activity in the network traffic by
	looking for the host discovery process used by ettercap when setting up 
	an arp poisoning attack. The way we have implemented this scan is
	by counting the number of consecutive ARP requests made by a specific host. 
	If the number of consecutive arp requests made by the same host exceeds a set threshold value,
	the ids alerts the host machine, and returns a warning.
	
	'behavioral_detection' checks for suspicious activity in the network traffic by
	 checking for gratuitous ARP replies. The way we have implemented this
	scan is by counting the number of ARP replies and ARP requests. With normal
	traffic, more ARP requests are made than ARP replies. With the counted number of
	request and replies, we examine the ratio between the two. If e number of 
	request far exceeds the number of replies, we know that a host is making
	gratuitous ARP packet. We flag the packets deemed as gratuitous ARPs and
	alert the host machine.
	
	
screenshots

description of attack:
	The first thing Ettercap does is it scans the network for active hosts. 
	In screenshot [1], you notice several ARP requests in a row all coming from
	the same host- this is the host discovery step. Following that, the attacker
	selects a victim. Following this selection, the attacker machine sent out 
	gratuitous arp claiming that they are the machine associated with an ip address
	that they are sitting on. This ip address they are claiming to be actually belongs
	to the victim machine. This message, the gratuitous ARP, is broadcasted on the 
	network, so all the machines listening and learning the network hear it and assume
	it's true. They log this information in their ARP tables, and now when traffic is
	routed to that IP, it is routed to the attacker machine instead of the victim host.
	

